Added two new how to pages, fixed a few type os, and updated the ``git bash`` bug (#58)
go-skynet/localai-website: content/howtos/easy-setup-full.md

Linux Hosts:

> There is a Full_Auto installer for some types of Linuxes, feel free to use them, but note that they may not fully work. If you need to install something, please use the links at the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a Full_Auto installer compatible with some types of Linux distributions, feel free to use them, but note that they may not fully work. If you need to install something, please use the links at the top.
```
